brought to you by 1a auto calm your
source for quality replacement parts and
the best service on the Internet
hi I'm Mike Greene I'm one of the owners
of warning Auto I want to help you save
time and money repairing and maintaining
your vehicle
I'm gonna use my 20-plus years
experience restoring and repairing cars
and trucks like this to show you the
correct way to install parts from want a
auto calm the right parts installed
correctly that's gonna save you time and
money
thank you and enjoy the video in this
video we're gonna show you how to
replace the tailgates on this 2005
explorer sport trac
same as any oh one 205 pretty easy all
you need is a t4 t5 Torx bit and ratchet
handle this is really a pretty easy
change you know one thing go on though
this is a t 40 I'm sorry yeah t 45
actually it's a t4 t5 Torx bit and yeah
you know do this side and you want to do
these you want to make sure you don't
ever let you cables break if your cables
break you're tilting it will fall down
and you'll get a big dent right across
the bottom of your tailgate so if you
ever see them fraying or the you know
cracking or anything it's an easy and
loaded all our replacement and it'll
save you getting a busted-up tailgate so
let's go take this one out this one has
a little metal tab I'm just using my
finger I'll actually pull it up off the
tab okay really need to retain this bolt
and washer so obviously replacement
lift it up on the tailgate helps just
get it in the right spot okay make sure
you get the tail you out on this bolt
because this bolt is shouldered okay you
don't want to take this nut up with that
in the wrong place we see you want to
make sure the cable is out against the
head and then you want to make sure that
this is positioned positioned basically
pointing straight up to the top of the
hill we as you tighten it up so what
that does is it forces the tailgate
cable to go to fold down we hope this
helps you out
brought to you by ww1 ayato comm your
source for quality replacement parts and
the best service on the internet please
feel free to call us toll-free 888 8 4 4
3 3 9 3 where the company that's here
for you on the internet and in person